<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!--
Click nbfs://nbhost/SystemFileSystem/Templates/Licenses/license-default.txt to change this license
Click nbfs://nbhost/SystemFileSystem/Templates/JSP_Servlet/XHtml.xhtml to edit this template
-->
<!DOCTYPE html>
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
      xmlns:ui="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/facelets"
      xmlns:h="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/html"
      xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
      xmlns:f="http://xmlns.jcp.org/jsf/core">
    
    <h:body>
        <ui:composition template="/templates/template.xhtml">
            <ui:define name="body">
                <div class="about-container">
                    <h1 class="page-title">About us</h1>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>Our Mission</h2>
                        <p>
                            Well, the main mission of the website is to help me pass the module with a good mark ;) I know I should say something like
                            "this webiste is dedicated to transforming how students learn and understand data structures and algorithms, blah blah blah"
                            but to be honest, that's just boring... I'll share the contents of the website with my class mates so they can have an easier 
                            time studying. That's it! I know what the mission is now! To raise the overall grades of the class...If it works, I'd like a
                            raise! Oh wait, I'm not getting paid... Oh well, better get on with this section 'cause it's nearly time to go to bed...
                            
                        </p>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>What We Offer</h2>
                        <div class="feature-grid">
                            <div class="feature-item">
                                <h3>Interactive Visualisations</h3>
                                <p>When Mona looked disappointed at my suggestion of using GIFs, I knew I had to level up.
                                   Is creating interactive animations nearly doubling the workload? 
                                   Absolutely. But... better mark??? 
                                   It actually does make it a better learning tool though. So I got that going for me.
                                </p>
                            </div>
                            
                            <div class="feature-item">
                                <h3>Java-Focused Examples</h3>
                                <p> Yeah...this is a Java module. Gotta keep it Java related. No java code examples though! It's pseudocode or nothing! </p>
                            </div>
                            
                            <div class="feature-item">
                                <h3>Comprehensive Coverage</h3>
                                <p>As comprehensive as my sleep schedule, caffeine intake, and competing deadlines allow :')</p>
                            </div>
                            
                            <div class="feature-item">
                                <h3>Performance Analysis</h3>
                                <p>Those neat white and green boxes showing Big O notation? That's what this is about.
                                   They may look simple, but they're the difference between your code finishing in 
                                   milliseconds versus needing its own dedicated server farm.</p>
                            </div>
                        </div>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>The Content</h2>
                        <p>The website contains great tracks like:</p>
                        <ul>
                            <li><strong>Fundamental Data Structures:</strong> Arrays (the classics), Linked Lists (who uses those?), Array Lists (the best of both worlds!), 
                                        Stacks (LIFO for life), Queues (British people's favourite), Trees (not the outdoor kind), Graphs (lol?), Hash Maps (deja vu?)</li>
                            <li><strong>Search Algorithms:</strong> Linear Search (1...2...3...4...), Binary Search (remember the book analogy!)</li>
                            <li><strong>Sorting Algorithms:</strong> Bubble Sort (simple but ineficient), Selection Sort (tiny bit better), Insertion Sort (surprisingly useful?), 
                                                                     Merge Sort (divide and conquer!), Quick Sort(usually quick, sometimes not)</li>
                        </ul>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>How It Works</h2>
                        <p>
                            This glorious learning experience combines watered down explanations with shiny visuals and contains:
                        </p>
                        <ol>
                            <li>A clear conceptual explanation (hot take)</li>
                            <li>Interactive animations demonstrating the algorithm or data structure in action. (Seeing is believeing)</li>
                            <li>Pseudocode with each step highlighted in yellow (not the most subtle choice, but you won't miss anything!)</li>
                            <li>Performance comparisons to help students make informed implementation choices (You can guide a horse to water but you can't make it drink)</li>
                        </ol>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>Who we are</h2>
                        <p>
                            This website was developed by a computer science student looking to kill a few birds with a single stone (better call PETA!).
                            Anyway, the idea was to study for the final year exam while doing the final coursework. Did it work? Sort of. So far I have
                            only worked on the website...I mean, it has to be operational before I get the content in! Surely the studying will come sooner rather
                            than later, right? Oh wait...what's this? Another coursework?! *sigh*
                            
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            Our team (of one) combines mediocre expertise in data structures and algorithms with experience in how annoying it is to
                            setup the environment and netbeans for JSF, to create a learning experience that is both academically dubious and engaging!
                        </p>
                    </div>
                    
                    <div class="about-section">
                        <h2>Get Started</h2>
                        <p>
                            Begin your journey into the world of data structures and algorithms now! To the sidebar!!!
                        </p>
                        <p>
                            Have questions or suggestions? Keep 'em to yourself :)
                        </p>
                    </div>
                </div>
            </ui:define>
        </ui:composition>
    </h:body>
</html>
